Shape Digit Puzzle
1. Problem
Original image: Each shape represents one digit.
Given:
Find: the digit represented by △, ○, and □.
2. Solution: Use Column Addition from the Ones Place
Let:
The equation can be written as:
3. Ones Place
In the ones place:
The tens place must create a carry, so the ones place must carry 1:
4. Tens Place
The ones place carries 1 to the tens place:
5. Hundreds Place
The tens place also carries 1 to the hundreds place:
6. Find the Square
Return to the ones place:
Since ○ = 8:
7. Method 2: Work from Hundreds, Tens, then Ones
Additional solution image: Start from the hundreds place, then the tens place, then the ones place.
This method starts from the hundreds place, because the hundreds digit of the sum is 7, and both addends have △ in the hundreds place.
Step 1: Hundreds Place
In the hundreds place:
The tens place may carry 1 to the hundreds place, so:
Therefore:
Step 2: Tens Place
Since the hundreds place received a carry, the tens-place sum must be at least 10. In the tens place:
The ones place also carries 1 to the tens place, so:
Therefore:
Step 3: Ones Place
In the ones place:
Since ○ = 8:
8. Check
Substitute △ = 3, ○ = 8, and □ = 9 into the original equation:
Final answer: △ = 3, ○ = 8, □ = 9